1. Samantha Callear
"We love our fire !! Fitted by Chris and looks great x"

2. Chris Crawley
"Great company. Fitted our burner 3 years ago by Chris. If we have had any questions, Chris has always helped us out. Would definitely use Apollo Heating for anyone."

3. Karen Smith
"Would definitely recommend—fitted our log burner very professional, thank you."

4. Joanne Lesley James-Griffin
"So happy with my new bathroom! Chris and Jake worked so hard to renovate my flood-damaged bathroom. Highly recommended. Thank you so much."

5. Stacey Butler
"Chris and Jake did such a fab job of fitting our new log burner. They removed the old gas fire with false breast, built a brand new chimney breast, and fitted in our new log burner. This included twin wall flue, tiling, beam with lights, and slate hearth. They were professional and worked super hard all week even in the snow! Would definitely recommend to anyone!"

6. Emma Longfellow
"We recently had our open fire converted into a multifuel stove. Thoroughly professional throughout and was able to do this at a safe social distance. Would highly recommend for quality, efficiency, and all at a fair cost. Thanks again!"

7. Gabe Oliver
"We had Chris out recently to fit a log burner and flue in our house and cannot recommend him highly enough. He was prompt, friendly and flexible delivering a quality service at a really good price. Thanks again!"

8. Laura Bradley
"I am happy to be able to. Chris has fit 3 burners for my family and I am hoping he can quote for another 2 when I get hold of him Monday! Also serviced and advised ..."

9. Sarah Hughes
"Chris and Co did a wonderful job! Very professional at all times, kept us informed about what was happening, and even tolerated a very curious border collie! They were just great! Showed us how to control the fire when lit, explained how to start it going—everything we needed to know. So we are sorted for winter! Thank you so much for getting this sorted out for us. Really appreciate it."

10. Clare Skelhorn
"Chris and his helper did an amazing job at fitting the log burner. I had a geo beam, nice brick tiles in the chamber with a black slate hearth, and a classic 8 eco fire. I was expecting it to be good, but everything, especially the hearth, is amazing. Real good quality, great attention to detail. I highly recommend these guys. Thanks, Chris."

11. Alison Garside
"Chris did a great job renovating my bathroom."

12. Fiona Hughes
"Had bath removed, walk-in shower fitted, new bathroom suite. Excellent workmanship, very professional. I will recommend to friends and family."

13. Greg Chambers
"Absolutely fantastic. Unfortunately, I had used another company previously, and my log burner was not fitted right, which meant it was unsafe and not working correctly. I then called Apollo Heatsource as they were recommended to me by someone else. Chris is very good at his job, fair priced, clean, professional, and genuinely a nice guy. Nothing is too much trouble for him. I'd 100% recommend this company, and personally, I would not go anywhere else but to Apollo Heatsource."

14. Richard Needham
"Chris came and looked at fitting us two new stoves in our cafe-to-be. Having read other excellent reviews of his work, I was keen to engage him to do ours. He is friendly, knowledgeable, thoroughly professional, and gave us a very competitive quote. We are extremely pleased with his work—he’s done a great job from start to finish. He is efficient, very clean, and tidy. The stoves look handsome and add real ambiance to both rooms. A great big thank you! Apollo Heatsource, I have no hesitation in recommending you."

15. Graham Marris
"Had our Clock wood burner installed today by Chris. He did a great job, and we are pleased with both the burner and his workmanship."